1. When your lifetime dreams are stolen, then don't sit down and cry. 
Look at the sky! 
There are so many stars. 
Our creative brain is full of stars.
Not everybody have our potential. And so, they steal it.
When one star is stolen, then don't worry.
Because, you have plenty of stars that will lead to plenty of ways.
But, people who steal those stars can only manage with those stolen stars.
But, you can go beyond because you have your own creative stars with you.

2. Never ever get close to a person who says "I am alone" whether it's men or women or whatever.
Don't ever trust them at first place, because they will betray you.
They have strong experience in ditching people.
And so, stay away from that trap.
Don't share your ideas and dreams with them.
Those kind of people are a sort of people who will jump to another team easily.
Never ever share secrets with these kinds of people.
If a person is truly alone, then you can easily find it, because they don't say it.

3. Working alone is painful. But, don't let others take advantage of it and ruin you.
It's hard. There will be a time for everything.

4. Men are bad. Also, some are good.
Women are bad. Also, some are good.
Nobody is good. We live in a sinful world.

5. Not everybody have mercy.
Because not everybody have same genes.
Not everybody are born to same mothers.
Not every mother is a good mother.

6. Sometimes, we feel to cut our throat with a knife.
But, look at that person who is the reason behind it.
He/She will be enjoying and even enjoying more continuing to ruin others lives.
Live up, And make that person regret.

7. We get angry.
A lot more angry.
We will scream in social media.
But, remember not to share the real thing happened to you.

8. Appear like a fool.
But, don't be a fool by expressing feelings. Silence and Patience is what we must manage at tough times.
Better to keep feelings inside and just die, rather than sharing.
Because, feelings are not data, but they are bandwidth that might cause latency and thereby, performance slowly dies.
To fight for it, then keep on working.
Sometimes, it's hard. It's okay to be slow, but never ever quit.

9. People who always say "Oh My God" are the ones who make your life like "Oh My God".
People who often say those lines are fake-hearted, life ruiners and liars.

10. People who create drama saying "past is annoying" are actually desparately searching for another one to fool or another timepass.
They are the most shameless creatures in this planet.
In other terms, they are slutty creatures.
If a person gets truly killed of past, then they will be driven nuts.

11. People who often say call themselves as developers or designers,
First, believe them only if they have a strong portofolio.
If they don't have, then they are going to hurt you.
These kinds of people change their profession just to gain attraction.
They are freelance sluts, who have nothing.
They will hurt you like shit, and they will say "What did i do?" like an innocent slut.
And suddenly say "Oh my God" like a sissy.

12. Once you were a fun person, 
And this person who pretends to call himself/herself as the loneliest creature will push you to the core level of death.
And then, tell "get over it", because for that person, it's easy since he/she have been into this slutty hobby on a daily basis.
But, remember that life is not an end. These kinds of people are just poops that hit your toes while walking on a road.

13. Better be alone, rather than getting along with bad people and bad environment.

14. Be yourself! Nobody can be YOU! (^_^)

15. Visualizing the truth slowly is the most painful part,
And all we remain is silently watching it,
And i am not scared of hoes,
Let me see how far it goes,
Because, bad people don't last longer.
