Love is a pain.
Sometimes, i regret for falling in love.
Sometimes, i regret for proposing him.
Sometimes, i regret for loving him so much.
Proposing a man first was my biggest mistake.

Before falling in love, 
i used to be like a rock devil who never cries.

Before accepting me, he made me cry through his harsh words. 
Ever since then, i became a cry baby.

Now, we are still strong partners. 
I can't even think of leaving him because i love him so much.

But he says... don't expect me to come behind you.

When we fight and i started crying, he never stops me. 
But, he laughs, which hurts me.
He never stopped me from crying even once.
He only knows to kick me or........

He says... don't expect love, care and affection from me.
He wants me to make him happy,
I must also sense his moodiness.
But, he will not feel to .... i don't know how to say...
He oftens down-grades and under-estimates me.

I personally don't like anybody who down-grades me.

I am not a kind of a person who often socialize, 
because i was not born for it.

Bf is selfish, which is really good & that is his biggest strength.
I like selfish people too, because selfishness is also a skill.
But, one must not show selfishness over their partners.

He never knows how my life goes...
Many times, some people always ask whether i sleep...
This is how my present life is ....
I have a room with 2 laptops & a mobile connected to internet.
One plays music, one for gaming and one is browsing/coding at the same time.
I mostly don't bath, because i feel nothing.
I don't bath, because why to bath? Because i don't go out.
I don't feel a life. I don't have human beings near me.
An Air-conditionner give lovely cold air.
I eat when i feel hunger. I drink water when my tongue needs it.
I've no buddies too.
Me and bf don't live together.

So, when my bf calls... i talk and listen to him. 
Then i talk tech stuffs, because that's what i know well.
He has so many friends.
Since he has so many friends, so he talks very limited with me.
Since i have no friends nor human to talk, so i talk a lot, because i feel excited.
So, when i talk tech stuffs everytime, he gets annoyed.
He makes me cry.
He calls me psycho and mental too.
The worst part:- He blackmails me a lot. 
Sometimes, he scares me that he will ditch me and marry another woman.

WORST DEADLY PART...
He always keeps phone inside his phone or desk while i am talking,
And i never knew that he ignored and I'll be talking to myself.
That is the deadly way of driving a person into depression.

Sometimes, i wish that i had someone who is ........
or atleast some psycho buddies like me.

I feel deeply pushed alone to one corner.

My brother was the only buddy i had for 10 years, 
but we broke-up in 2009,
Ever since 2009, i couldn't find someone like my bro,
I tried re-uniting with him, but no trust and a big wall between us,
Permanently broke-up in 2012.

I am not asking for buddies (because humans are cruel),
I just want to learn so many stuffs in infinity,
I want to explore core technology.
And earn some money and live independently in a cool house.

When i cry, i need more than 5 hours to recover,
I wish that i was a Man,
Because men have no feelings or anything.
And i could be a cool devil if i was a man.

bf easily said that he will not talk with me,
It's easy for him,
I've cut my hair so many times,
I've cut my flesh with knife so many times,
But, he never bothers nor cares.
He always does it to me.
All he thinks is:- HIM! HIM! HIM!
Maybe, i must also be a monster.
He atleast don't know that i am dying here.
He never believes that i am suffering.
Sometimes, i feel to cut my throat with a knife.

HEADACHE :'(

Wish i was not born!
All humans are bad.
I want to leave this planet.
I hate to live.
Humans are BAD... They cheat, lie, hurt, steal, shameless & hurt..

Life is so unfair...
I wish to die please..
Please......................... :'(
